Add transfer "pull" (`from`) to Data Management System documentation (#1604)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/data-management/transfer.md

| `--to`         | Full URL of the `/admin` endpoint on the destination Strapi instance<br />(e.g. `--to https://my-beautiful-strapi-website/admin`)            |
| `‑‑to‑token`   | Transfer token from the Strapi destination instance.                                                                                         |
| `--from`       | Full URL of the `/admin` endpoint of the remote Strapi instance to pull data from (e.g., `--from https://my-beautiful-strapi-website/admin`) |
| `‑‑from‑token` | Transfer token from the Strapi source instance.                                                                                              |
| `--force`      | Automatically answer "yes" to all prompts, including potentially destructive requests, and run non-interactively.                            |
| `--exclude`    | Exclude data using comma-separated data types. The available types are: `content`, `files`, and `config`.                                    |
| `--only`       | Include only these data. The available types are: `content`, `files`, and `config`.                                                          |

:::caution

> Either `--to` or `--from` is required, but it's not currently allowed to enter both or neither.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either `--to` or `--from` is required
```
Probably simplest to go with this (same above)

Author: Not sure in English (need help from a native speaker like you 😄): is either / or mutually exclusive? I want to make sure people don't use both and get errors.

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="push" label="Push data to remote">

  1. Start the Strapi server for the destination instance.
  2. In a new terminal window, navigate to the root directory of the source instance.
  3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer:

    <Tabs groupId="yarn-npm">

    <TabItem value="yarn" label="yarn">

    ```bash
    yarn strapi transfer --to destination URL
    ```

    </TabItem>

    <TabItem value="npm" label="npm">

    ```bash
    npm run strapi transfer -- --to destination URL
    ```

    </TabItem>

    </Tabs>
  
  4. Add the transfer token when prompted to do so.
  5. Answer **Yes** or **No** to the CLI prompt: "The transfer will delete all data in the remote database and media files. Are you sure you want to proceed?"

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pull" label="Pull data from remote">

1. Start the Strapi server for the source instance.
2. In a new terminal window, navigate to the root directory of the destination instance.
3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer:

  <Tabs groupId="yarn-npm">

  <TabItem value="yarn" label="yarn">

  ```bash

>   yarn strapi transfer --from remote URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  yarn strapi transfer --from remoteURL
```

  ```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="npm" label="npm">

  ```bash

>   npm run strapi transfer -- --from remote URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  npm run strapi transfer -- --from remoteURL
```

A salt transfer token should be defined in the [admin panel configuration](/dev-docs/configurations/admin-panel) file.
:::

The `strapi transfer` command requires a transfer token issued by the destination instance. To generate a transfer token in the admin panel use the instructions in the [User Guide](/user-docs/settings/managing-global-settings#creating-a-new-transfer-token).

## Setup and run the data transfer

Initiating a data transfer depends on whether you want to push data to a remote instance or to pull data from the remote:

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="push" label="Push data to remote">

  1. Start the Strapi server for the destination instance.
  2. In a new terminal window, navigate to the root directory of the source instance.
  3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer:

    <Tabs groupId="yarn-npm">

    <TabItem value="yarn" label="yarn">

    ```bash
    yarn strapi transfer --to destinationURL
    ```

    </TabItem>

    <TabItem value="npm" label="npm">

    ```bash
    npm run strapi transfer -- --to destinationURL
    ```

    </TabItem>

    </Tabs>
  
  4. Add the transfer token when prompted to do so.

>   5. Answer **Yes** or **No** to the CLI prompt: "The transfer will delete all data in the remote database and media files. Are you sure you want to proceed?"

Author: ```suggestion
  5. Answer **Yes** or **No** to the CLI prompt: "The transfer will delete all of the remote Strapi assets and its database. Are you sure you want to proceed?"
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pull" label="Pull data from remote">

1. Start the Strapi server for the source instance.
2. In a new terminal window, navigate to the root directory of the destination instance.
3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer:

  <Tabs groupId="yarn-npm">

  <TabItem value="yarn" label="yarn">

  ```bash
  yarn strapi transfer --from remoteURL
  ```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="npm" label="npm">

  ```bash
  npm run strapi transfer -- --from remoteURL
  ```

  </TabItem>

  </Tabs>

4. Add the transfer token when prompted to do so.

> 5. Answer **Yes** or **No** to the CLI prompt: "The transfer will delete all data in the local database and media files. Are you sure you want to proceed?"

Author: ```suggestion
5. Answer **Yes** or **No** to the CLI prompt: "The transfer will delete all of the local Strapi assets and its database. Are you sure you want to proceed?".
```

## Manage data transfer with environment variables

> The environment variable `STRAPI_DISABLE_REMOTE_DATA_TRANSFER` is available to disable remote data transfer. In addition to the [RBAC permissions](/user-docs/users-roles-permissions/configuring-administrator-roles#plugins-and-settings) in the admin panel this can help you secure your Strapi application. To use `STRAPI_DISABLE_REMOTE_DATA_TRANSFER` you can add it to your `.env` file or preface the `start` script. See the following example:

Reviewer: @Convly Does it still work like this? I know you and @christiancp100 made some changes to how this is handled.
